hey guys welcome back to the channel
today i'm showing my face just so you
guys aren't confused in the next saw
video
this is kind of an introduction and what
better way to do that than with a horror
story
we're going to be looking at the theater
which is about a broken and unfinished
game that had some unexplainable errors
that left its players really uneasy and
borderline disturbed
i did change the story a little bit
because the original was written more
like an article and didn't have any
characters but let's get started
the story is told by a guy we're going
to call liam while sorting through the
junk in his attic he found a dusty old
cd-rom of a game labeled the theater
it must have been at least 10 years old
and the discs box was already pretty
strange
there was no company name or logo and no
description there was only a pixelated
character printed on a plain white
background this guy was bald had big red
lips and one of his hands was
unnaturally large
liam believed he'd heard of this game
and how it was unplayable but didn't
think it was real
just something made up in it you're
supposed to play little mini games in a
movie theater it was meant for young
kids as an educational game kind of like
how we had those typing games in
elementary school but it turned out to
be much worse than that
needless to say it didn't really look
inviting and no kid wanted to play this
piece of game so development was
just abandoned
liam was curious and popped the disc
into his laptop to install it
everything seemed to go to plan until he
got to that typical licensing agreement
page
there was again no company or person
credited to have created this
instead there was only a blank white box
he didn't think much of it and went to
click accept but his computer
immediately froze unlocked up
this happened again and again every time
after reinstalling it which made him
feel like there was something on this
disc
he wasn't meant to see eventually he
figured out that if he restarted his
laptop with a disc still inside that the
installation would finally finish
but maybe the error should have been a
warning for him because what he would
find was definitely not
normal when the game started three
options appeared on the screen
settings load game and new game he tried
clicking on settings but that didn't do
anything
so he clicked new game after the loading
screen he got dropped into an empty
poorly lit movie theater on the walls
were pixelated posters that no one could
read and at the end of the room stood
this strange guy from the cover
completely emotionless liam slowly
walked up to him
in a low quality audio file the man
introduced himself as the ticket taker
i mean i could have guessed that part
meaning that his one big hand was
probably just meant to look like he's
reaching out for your movie ticket
but what made liam feel uncomfortable
wasn't the ticket taker but rather what
was next to him because he stood in
front of this
long pitch-black hallway that seemed to
go on forever this hallway leaned
thoughtlessly to the theaters
he interacted with the ticket taker who
said thank you
please enjoy the movie and walked into
the darkness
eventually the screen faded to black and
dropped him back into the lobby where
the game started
but he didn't give up because there had
to be more to this he kept cycling
through this and things slowly started
to change
when he entered the corridor one more
time he got dropped into the lobby but
this time the ticket taker was gone
with nothing else left to do he entered
the hallway but this time
it didn't fade out he continued going
further and got darker and darker
it wasn't long before he was so far in
that his screen was almost completely
black
he looked back and saw that the entrance
was really far away
the only thing you heard in the darkness
were the continuous footsteps of the
player
the hallway for obvious reasons made
liam feel extremely anxious
and only a few seconds later the
footsteps stopped initially he wasn't
sure if the game crashed but then it
occurred to him the game was still
running but the character was stuck
he was completely unable to move then
something slowly became visible in the
shadows
he went to lean in when the hallway
suddenly lit up and he could see what
was in the darkness
to a surprise it was the ticket taker
standing right in front of him with a
swirl on his face like his head went
through a milkshake machine
liam completely panicked and almost
threw up it was a pretty big jump scare
that caught him off guard
he thought the worst was over however
the game froze up again
out of nowhere this awful screeching
noise started playing and no matter what
he tried he couldn't stop it
when the sound finally ended the game
started working again
liam looked at his computer and saw that
he got dropped into the lobby but now
every poster was replaced with the
ticket taker's face
after calming down for a few minutes he
started playing again
now the ticket taker was pacing up and
down the lobby with a worried look on
his face
when he got closer the man turned to him
and said
even though it sounded really corrupted
liam believes he heard never reached the
other levels but he never found any
additional levels and could only imagine
what would happen
further down that hallway he tried
showing this to his friends but when he
loaded the game the hallway was blocked
by a brick wall which caused the game to
crash
every time he touched it not long after
that he took the disc and burned it
like physically burned it okay that's
the end of the story let me know if you
liked it
this was by the way heavily inspired by
a german video series called creeps but
i haven't seen anything like it in about
5 years so i thought you guys might like
it
the next upload will be about saw 4 but
just a heads up it might come out a
little bit later because i'm getting my
wisdom teeth out and i don't really know
what that's going to do to the timing of
the video
anyways i hope you liked it and that i
get to see you guys in the next video
thanks for watching bye